feat: add browser SDK migration guide from JS to TS 2.x (#369)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/browser_sdk/en/migrate-from-javascript-sdk-to-browser-sdk-2-0.md

    cells:
      - Feature
      - 'Browser SDK 2.0'
      - 'Javascript SDK'
  -
    cells:
      - Package
      - '[@amplitude/analytics-browser@2+](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@amplitude/analytics-browser)'
      - '[amplitude-js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/amplitude-js)'
  -
    cells:
      - 'Logger provider'
      - 'Amplitude Logger by Default. Fully customizable.'
      - 'Amplitude Logger by default. Not customizable.'
  -
    cells:
      - 'Storage provider'
      - 'LocalStorage by default. Fully customizable.'
      - 'Limited storage - cookies, localStorage, sessionStorage, or none available. Not able to be customized.'
  -
    cells:
      - Customization
      - Plugins
      - 'Not supported'
  -
    cells:
      - 'Bundle size'
      - 'Tree shaking for optimization'
      - 'No Optimization'
  -
    cells:
      - 'Server endpoint'
      - 'HTTP V2 API'
      - 'HTTP V1 API'
  -
    cells:
      - 'Batch API'
      - 'Supported, with configuration.'
      - 'Not supported'
---

Amplitude Browser SDK 2.0 (`@amplitude/analytics-browser@2+`) features:

* a plugin architecture
* built-in type definition
* broader support for front-end frameworks
* autocapture

> * improved maketing attribution tracking

Author: Thanks @SpencerFleury, I capitalize all items at https://github.com/amplitude/amplitude-docs/pull/369/commits/42f71b731fd30a06e2948b912f4dea6b8dafe5d1

{{/partial:admonition}}

Set a `deviceId` when you invoke `amplitude` without calling `getInstance()`

{{partial:tabs tabs="amplitude-js, @amplitude/analytics-browser@2+"}}
{{partial:tab name="amplitude-js"}}
```javascript
const deviceId = "1"
amplitude.getInstance().setDeviceId(deviceId)
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{partial:tab name="@amplitude/analytics-browser@2+"}}
```typescript
const deviceId = "1"
amplitude.setDeviceId(deviceId)
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

### setSessionId()

Set a `sessionId` when you invoke `amplitude` without calling `getInstance()`

{{partial:tabs tabs="amplitude-js, @amplitude/analytics-browser@2+"}}
{{partial:tab name="amplitude-js"}}
```javascript
const sessionId = Date.now()
amplitude.getInstance().setSessionId(sessionId)
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{partial:tab name="@amplitude/analytics-browser@2+"}}
```typescript
const sessionId = Date.now()
amplitude.setSessionId(sessionId)
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

### clearUserProperties()

> The `clearUserProperties` API has been removed, use the unified `identify` API to remove user properties. 

Author: Is there a local linter I can install and fix it myself in the future?

### Flush or onExitPage

There are certain scenarios that warrant sending events immediately, like when a user navigates away from a page. This is a common scenario when tracking button clicks that directs the user to another page while sending event payload in batches.

In `amplitude-js` do this by using `onExitPage()` callback.

{{partial:tabs tabs="amplitude-js, @amplitude/analytics-browser@2+"}}
{{partial:tab name="amplitude-js"}}
```javascript
amplitude.getInstance().init(API_KEY, OPTIONAL_USER_ID, {
  onExitPage: () => {
    amplitude.sendEvents()
  },
})
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{partial:tab name="@amplitude/analytics-browser@2+"}}
Add your own event listener for the `pagehide` event.
```javascript
window.addEventListener('pagehide', () => {
  // Set https transport to use sendBeacon API
  amplitude.setTransport('beacon')
  // Send all pending events to server
  amplitude.flush()
});
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

### Callback

> For `amplitude-js`, one `init` callback function for executing any function after initialization and two separate callback functions are passed for success and error network request. With `@amplitude/analytics-browser@2+` supporting Promises (and async/await), the asynchronous methods like `init()`, `track()`, `identify()`, `groupIdentify()` return a custom promise interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`amplitude-js` passes one `init` callback function for executing any function after initialization and two separate callback functions for success and error network requests. With `@amplitude/analytics-browser@2+` supporting promises (and async/await), the asynchronous methods like `init()`, `track()`, `identify()`, `groupIdentify()` return a custom promise interface.
```
